Love the rodmap 🚀
I'm doin good, how about you man?
Just chilling watching some sports
I love the art on this project, everything about it is awesome!
Do we have any plans for a coin? Not sure what we would call it
Just got back from lunch, Greek tacos 😋
Just working towards the weekend man
I love this project man, look at the road map
NFT MOON
Good morning guys!
grind is real
mornin
Gold ?
hahah
Where is everyone here from? 
I'm from California!
how do I get DJ role?
Ok I'm making a txt
Lol hahahahah
how are you doing?
an OG
man these songs lol
I just got some seafood from Poki 😋
im going to jump in bed in a few minutes
Grind
wagmi
lol
grind your own cheese?
cmon guys
profit to the moon
Keep it up!
Hi
Hello all
LFG
LFFFFGGGG
whats yall favorite cars?
bullish
🚀 🔥
how many whitelist spots are there?
sneak peaks look crazzyyy
she’s a runner she a track star
GM everyone!
Anyone watch football? excited for the playoffs:
🚀 
goodluck everyone
happy to be here, hope everyones well 💯
I'm from WUHAN
same
yup hhaahha
WASSUP FAM
WE SEE YOU BROOOOO
yo this project is killing it
ok thnaks
i need eth to pump!!
me too man lmao
HASBULLAAHHH
Fuk lmao
yeah thats true
YESSSSIR
Welcome to the club new people!
oops. thank you. apologies, switched devices.
Wow this looks dope
Houdini his ass
Any music suggestions? 
Tacos or Pizza? 
ALABAMA BABY!!!!
bullish on this shit man
lets go to the moon baby! 🚀
wen lambo?
lambooo
LAMBO 🚀 💯
THE DEVIL MY OP 💯
🚀 🔥 📈
KANYE OR DRAKE?
come on boyssss
GUESS WHO GOIN TO JAIL TONIGHT
Hello there!
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
I am never at home on Sundays.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
We need to rent a room for our party.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Not all people who wander are lost.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
There's a message for you if you look up.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
He drank life before spitting it out.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
The river stole the gods.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
She advised him to come back at once.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
He drank life before spitting it out.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
She cried diamonds.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Greetings from the real universe.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Love is not like pizza.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
On each full moon
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
Cuz she stay on her shit refresh edit delete source rapgenius
Tokyo spinners, yeah shawty thats G-shit
And you Shirley Temples are like candy swirls
And this is dedicated to them dark skinned white girls
Yo, Dom P. I come through and wont beg my pardon
And are we droppin' some knowledge, or are we frontin' an'?
And once a week I take all my folks out
I really think they hatin, tell me what is this about
But I cant so I speak with my songs
Right into the ashtray where it belongs
Puffin on a blunt, indo, swag, or skunk
Well I be goddamn, we got this thang crunk
Cuz in the neighborhood I grew up being what ???
Faster than a shot of light to ya ground shot
Sipping the finest imports, burn murs and Love Supreme
And in time, we both gon have whatever we dream
Grindin hard for the bread and the cash flow
What I say goes, though I might lay low
Yes ayah the troop sets fire, speakin' to who gets higher
Doesn't even care if I burn in the fire
Be like pimp tight, body still right smokin' weed
No matter race, color or creed, I make 'em bleed
I never mentioned the Sword that I use to remove
Doomed to hang on a cross casue we're His lost love
Don't take it personal baby -- fuck you, pay me!
Open your eyes and you'll see what I see
Wearin custom-made jewels and big fat links
Everyone 21 and over, grab your drinks
Ready to blast with the Riddlin' Red
Maybe you need glasses or classes in Special Ed
Attach to the end, to make a blade-of-glass scissor
Time to realize, a mind, body and soul is bigger
Weed to keys but y'all don't need to know that
I lay and wreck, your motherfucking chest at
By any means it's on again
I had in my side and my brain
Got the VIP on lock we thuggin
Nah, ain't no girl problems, man, you buggin
Even as I'm writing, I'm enlightened that our hours passed
We on ya ass, watch the happ's of the gun blast
And the PK nothing giving you something to rock to
Bring bad weather, like Starang, Louie and D.O.
Jazze Pha, the one ya love to hate
A smooth-assed baby up and asked me for a date
Throwing rocks at statues of southern role models
KnowI'msayin? Anybody got any motherfuckin problems?!?
And money on the wood
I broke it down so he understood
I'm never gonna get out the ghetto
Take ya to Mateo's, let you order Amaretto
Spiritual armour, bring me more Medals of Honour
And if I ask to funk are you gonna
Got all the host of heaven makin' a toast to
And now she want to plan to move in
Live your life righteous or it's all in vain
Shorty wrapped around me so I'll, never be cold again
If I was you, I wouldn't keep it
I didn't have to make, a livin' writ to writ
Cause you aint quick enough to empty ya pockets
We be deep in the hood, standin in cuts
Yessuh, DJ Paul and Juicy J productions
That's used for Kamasutra instructions
I don't give a fuck
And I'ma test my luck
Too gutter, it ain't in my nature
Loyalist shamed?? perve, catch that creature!
Once upon a time, not long ago
I'm from That Clevland Hoe
Area baby where we crazy baby
I'ma get throwed, and let the game be
I've had a very long afternoon
Shock around the clock, from noon 'til noon
Y'all wouldn't, Y'all never be shit with out us bitch
Yeah I got these motherfucking Warlocks in this biatch
Since a teen, strive to be supreme
Cuz you're about to witness an illusionary dream
Virtually, no verse'll be vinnin ova me...they vapor
You're my Shining Star, no matter who you are
Can it be one of the worlds best from Canterbury
The body, and throw it off the Staten Island Ferry
If I have things that you need to borrow
It's what I represent, the possibility that dreams long ago
Cuz my G's is starving hard up, waiting in the alley
cause everything you love'll get smoked up in killa kali
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia
i have a masters in english and im a professional poet from southest asia